1. Single Leg Standing (3 sets of 5). 
Place both feet flat on the floor. Slowly lift one leg until you are balanced on the other leg. Hold for a count of 10, and slowly lower it back down. Alternate legs and repeat.
2. Legs to the back (3 times per side). 
Stand lightly apart and rest your hands on your hips. Transfer the weight of the body to one leg. Then lightly bend the other leg in your knee and straighten it back. Hold in this position for 5 seconds.
3. Side Laying Clams (10 times per side). 
Lie down on your side with your knees bent, resting one knee on top of the other. Keeping your feet together, lift the upper knee towards the ceiling and hold your knees apart for 10 seconds. Next, slowly lower your knee back down.
4. Single Leg Drop-Outs (5 times per side). 
Lay on the floor with the hips and feet flat with the knees bent. Keep the pelvis still, using the hands to keep it in place if needed. Inhale, and drop the left knee to the left, as far as possible without lifting the pelvis, keeping the knee bent. Exhale, and draw the knee back in.
5. Knee Rolling (10 times). 
Lay on your back with your hands resting at your side. Bend your knees and place your feet flat on the floor. Roll your hips so that your knees push to the left, then to the right, then back to center.
6. Heel Raises. 
Stand with your feet flat on the floor and your arms at your sides. Raise yourself to tiptoe, keeping your upper body and knees straight. Slowly lower and repeat.
7. Four-Point Kneeling (3 set of 10).
Kneel on the ground and place your hands flat on the ground so you are in a crawling stance. Contract the pelvic floor and raise one leg while lifting the opposite arm. Hold for a few seconds, and return to the starting position, repeating with the opposite arm and leg.
8. Shoulder Shrug. 
Lift your unaffected shoulder up in a shrugging motion, just as you would if you didn’t know the answer to a question. Instead of simply letting it drop again, roll your shoulder back.
9. Elbow Stretch. 
This exercise can be done while sitting or standing. Hold the arm at a comfortable position, then carefully bend and straighten the elbows as if you are doing a dumbbell curl.
10. Bilateral Leg Cycling. 
Lay on the floor and lift the legs off of the ground, holding them in a cycling position. Then, cycle as if you are riding a bicycle in the air.
11. Superman Pose (10 times).
Lay on the floor on your stomach and take this same position, arms and legs extended. Hold to strengthen the core muscles in your back, and relax. Hold the position for 2-5 seconds.
12. Seated Pushup. 
sit on the ground with your knees bent and your palms on the floor, keeping your fingers pointing forward. Push through your hands to cause your bottom to lift off the floor slightly. Repeat as you grow stronger.
13. Crawling Stretch. 
Take up a crawling position with your elbows straight. Gently lean your body backwards, keeping your arm position, until you feel a stretch on your inner arm. Hold the position and repeat.
14. Wrist Motion. 
This exercise can be done while sitting or standing. Extend the elbow and rotate your wrist through a full range of motion. Continue this exercise a few times to encourage greater motion in the wrist.
15. Pelvic Floor Contractions (10 times). 
Find the muscles by imagining that you are trying to hold urine or stop from passing gas. Squeeze these muscles by lifting and drawing in, then hold for a count of three. Relax then repeat, gradually increasing the holding time until you can hold for 10 seconds.
